Are heading level 1.
Toggle switches.
Switch inputs must identify its name,
roll, and state.
We start by letting the screen reader
read on its own,
then we'll start at the top manually.
Group start.
Toggle your options: Alpha switch off,
off AB switch off off BC switch off,
off Charlie Group end same page link back
to top of page and for same page link
back to Toggle your options: Group alpha
switch off,
Bravo switch off and for rest on,
Charlie switch off and for rest on and
for off.